what's up guys today I'm brianna's a
quick update gaming so the video if you
have any questions comments or concerns
on any of my gaming equipment in terms
of how much it costs or where I got it
from anything at that feel free to ask
me that comment section down below and
I've only gotten three new things since
I last me my gaming so the video one
being tight grip which is similar to
gamer grip to being i went from the
Phantom control freaks to the CQC
control features around a week and a
half ago and three I got an internet
upgrade which got me a new router and
you guys will see the internet speed in
the middle of this video so that's about
it and the number one thing I want to
talk about in this video and I do
apologize if I do make any mistakes in
this commentary like you guys already
know I've been made a commentary I know
very very long time and i rarely do
commentaries in this channel so my scuf
controller i sent it back exactly a week
ago for the past seven days i've been
playing with just a normal controller
and for the past two months or since i
got myself controller I've been dealing
with the biggest problem in the world
and it became worse throughout time so
the right analog which is basically a
key to call of duty it was broken so if
you move up move left move right move
down and you move up like far enough it
will go even higher by itself so I had
to be aware making sure I don't go up
too fast because the analog will go up
even further so picture this I'm in
octane blue bin I'm Harding me
18-wheeler and there's a guy top on add
to aim up make sure i don't aim up too
high to get to kick get the kill top on
because it will go even higher and I'll
just die so that's basically it's very
hard to explain that problem but other
than that the left analog had the same
similar problem to the right analog but
just not as much and then left trigger
the foam thing that stops it from making
noise when you click it it fell off and
then the paddle screws and tighten up
anymore so every time I click the paddle
how to make sure they'll click it enough
in the game or I'll say will freak the
paddle will come off so I'm getting that
fixed I got free shipping they're
repairing it for free I'd warranty and
all that stuff so the only upgrade
things I'm getting on it is left domed
left dome stick and then I'm getting
completely getting soft grip removed and
getting progrip and set so I don't like
scuff rip I didn't like it at all and so
for the meantime I'm just playing with
the normal controller I'm not able to
jump shot off you do play against me you
will not see me jump once in a gun fight
because i don't find clock comfortable
anymore for some reason and for the
meantime i'm just able to drop
so as you can see there I got a fan if
you guys have any questions about that
be sure to ask me in the comment section
down below but yeah just recently I got
a fan I just yesterday my stepdad came
in clutch with the fan and I finally not
gonna sweat as I'm as much as i did
before once since summer started like
every day playing call of duty I've been
sweating like crazy like my having this
Astro headset in my head just made my
freaking hair sweat and just like you
know I don't want that so my room being
the hottest in the house or apartment it
just really crazy so hope you guys
enjoyed this video if you got a pitcher
like favorite comment subscribe nothing
too big of a gaming setup but if you
guys have any questions anything like
that feel free to ask and I'll see you
guys later peace out